UpdateChangeLog (#34099)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

* GA of `subpartition` functionality in SDK - See [32501](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/32501)
* Added ability for SDK to use partial partition keys for queries in subpartitioned containers - See [32501](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/32501)
* Enable `handleLatestVersionChanges` in ChangeFeedProcessor - See [33972](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/33972)

> * Added Merge support. For customers who want to use ChangeFeedProcessor with merge support, please onboard to new API `handleLatestVersionChanges`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added Merge support. NOTE: to use Change Feed Processor with merge support, onboard to the new API `handleLatestVersionChanges()` in `ChangeFeedProcessorBuilder`.
```
